>> Steve Kinney: I probably wanna
keep track of the current user.
I'm gonna need that for
all sorts of things, right?
We saw that posts can be attributed to
a user if I go into the AddPost, or
I think it's in posts, plural.
>> Steve Kinney: It's in AddPost, right
now I have it hard coded in user, right?
So we know that, on top of just being able
to get tokens for talking with a database,
we also wanna hold on to this user
information and work with it.
So I'm probably going to want to keep
it in my application state as well, so
I can use it when I create new content.
But also, we're gonna get to the point
where, in this liveblogging app,
anyone can make a post.
But right now,
anyone can delete anyone's post, right?
And so we'll eventually get to the point
where we have authentication rules, or
authorization rules,
in place that say, hey,
you can only delete your own posts, right?
Or only logged in users can go ahead and
make posts.
Right now,
we have not wired in authentication yet.
So it stands to reason that you don't
need to be authenticated to make a post,
see also we've been making posts.
So let's put a user in here as well.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll just store
it as null at this moment, we'll go and
fetch one in a second.
And we'll begin to put in
the ability to log in.
Right now there are just posts, but
you can see I've got this SignInAndSignUp.
And I've also got this Authentication
one which basically says
either show me the CurrentUser or show me
the SignUpAndSignIn one, so
we'll start with that one.
And we'll go ahead and
put that in Application, and
put it right below the heading and
above the post.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll pull
the user off of state.
>> Steve Kinney: Now user is null, so
we should see those SignUpAndSignIn forms.
>> Steve Kinney: Index does not match
the corresponding name on disk during
authentication, let's
go take a look there.
>> Steve Kinney: React has a lowercase r,
all right.